Update mesh guide intro (#4409)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-1-intro.md

To date, there also hasn't been a first-class way to effectively manage the dependencies, governance, and workflows between multiple dbt projects. 

That's where **dbt Mesh** comes in - empowering data teams to work *independently and collaboratively*; sharing data, code, and best practices without sacrificing security or autonomy. 

This guide will walk you through the concepts and implementation details needed to get started. dbt Mesh is not a single product: it is a pattern enabled by a convergence of several features in dbt:

- **[Cross-project references](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref)** - this is the foundational feature that enables the multi-project deployments. `{{ ref() }}`s now work across dbt Cloud projects on Enterprise plans.
- **[dbt Explorer](/docs/collaborate/explore-projects)** - dbt Cloud's metadata-powered documentation platform, complete with full, cross-project lineage.
- **Governance** - dbt's new governance features allow you to manage access to your dbt models both within and across projects.

>   - **[Groups](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access#groups)** - groups allow you to gather together nodes in your dbt DAG that are logically connected (such as by functional area) and assign an owner to the group.

Author: I don't __love__ this framing but I think it's better than what's currently there if anyone wants to take a go at it

>   - **[Groups](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access#groups)** - groups allow you to gather together nodes in your dbt DAG that are logically connected (such as by functional area) and assign an owner to the group.

Reviewer: I suggest we make this sentence active:
```suggestion
  - **[Groups](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access#groups)** - With groups, you can organize nodes in your dbt DAG that share a logical connection (for example, by functional area) and assign an owner to the entire group.
```
